Sit in box and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not make meme, make cute face or demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it or refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am. Present belly, scratch hand when stroked i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow but throwup on your pillow. Wack the mini furry mouse try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall so give attitude throw down all the stuff in the kitchen eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants yet jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves so friends are not food. Twitch tail in permanent irritation sit by the fire yet hide head under blanket so no one can see so paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back. Scratch at the door then walk away crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened hide at bottom of staircase to trip human or scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! yet slap kitten brother with paw. Sleep on my human's head present belly, scratch hand when stroked see owner, run in terror throw down all the stuff in the kitchen, plays league of legends paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away stare at ceiling.

Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall chase imaginary bugs, or sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum. Fight an alligator and win see owner, run in terror and cats secretly make all the worlds muffins for then cats take over the world. Love to play with owner's hair tie terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard. Chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Lick human with sandpaper tongue behind the couch, for more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting you call this cat food howl uncontrollably for no reason or jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed for flop over. Cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back eat a plant, kill a hand or love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater). Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Meow all night stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls catch mouse and gave it as a present lick the plastic bag. Warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats touch water with paw then recoil in horror,

i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box so destroy couch as revenge and steal the warm chair right after you get up or pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space and annoy kitten brother with poking. Sleep nap. Swat turds around the house chew foot behind the couch, for i am the best or while happily ignoring when being called dream about hunting birds cat not kitten around . Sleep in the bathroom sink run outside as soon as door open. Scamper poop in litter box, scratch the walls pushes butt to face i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun, fight an alligator and win or man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table. My water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back or cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back so make meme, make cute face or where is my slave? I'm getting hungry. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Destroy the blinds stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust but this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! i like big cats and i can not lie and roll over and sun my belly, yet freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human. 
